Docs/how to deploy on heroku (#237)
bocadilloproject/bocadillo: docs/how-to/deploy-to-heroku.md

> # Introduction

Reviewer: I'd rather use a descriptive main header here, e.g.:

```suggestion
# Heroku deployment
```

> In this guide, we will be looking at how to deploy bocadillo powered app to Heroku.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, we will be looking at how to deploy a Bocadillo application to Heroku.
```

> You can see example code in [heroku-example](https://github.com/bocadilloproject/heroku-example) repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the example code in the [heroku-example](https://github.com/bocadilloproject/heroku-example) repo.
```

> ### Bocadillo Application

Reviewer: Careful about the casing — see suggestion below.

Also I think it's fine to use an `<h2>` here.

```suggestion
## Bocadillo application
```

> Assuming, you have `app.py` already installed and it may look similar to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's assume you have the following `app.py` script:
```

```
from bocadillo import App

app = App()

@app.route("/")
async def index(req, res):
    res.text = "Hello, from Heroku!"

> 

Reviewer: Let's be consistent on the amount of empty lines between each code section. :-)

```suggestion
```

if __name__ == "__main__":
    app.run()
```

> Make sure it is running in local machine.

Reviewer: Is this actually necessary when it comes to deploying to Heroku? Or did you mean that the user should verify that the app runs locally before pushing it to Heroku?

```
python app.py
# Started server process
# Waiting for application startup.
# Uvicorn running on http://127.0.0.1:8000 (Press CTRL+C to quit)
```

> ### Procfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Procfile
```

> A text file in the root directory of your application, to explicitly declare what command should be executed to start your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Procfile](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/procfile) is a text file located in the root directory of your project which explicitly declares what command should be executed to start your app.

As described in [Deployment](/discussions/deployment.md#running-with-gunicorn), the following should fit most use cases:
```

```
web: gunicorn -w 4 -k uvicorn.workers.UvicornWorker app:app
```

> ### Requirements.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## requirements.txt
```

> Heroku recognizes an app as a Python app by the existence of a Pipfile or requirements.txt file in the root directory. So mention all your python dependencies with the version in this file.

Reviewer: Are you sure Heroku can recognise `Pipfile`? I wasn't able to find reference to that in the Heroku docs.

```suggestion
Heroku recognises a Python app by the existence of a Pipfile or requirements.txt file in the root directory (see [Python Dependencies via Pip](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/python-pip)). Here's an example of what yours may look like:
```

Author: I saw it in README of https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-python but yeah, when. I tried `Pipfile` it didn't recognize it though. I am going to remove it right now.

```
bocadillo
gunicorn
```

> ### Runtime.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## runtime.txt
```

> Have this file in the root directory with a specific python version. Heroku will look at it to determine which python version to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place this file in the root directory with a specific Python version. [Heroku will look at it](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/python-runtimes) to determine which Python version to use.
```

```
python-3.6.8
```

> ### Heroku CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Heroku CLI
```

> To interact with Heroku from command line interface, install Heroku CLI or Toolbelt.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what toolbelt refers to here? From a quick look at [the docs](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-cli#troubleshooting) it seems like an old way to use Heroku on the command line. In my experience Heroku CLI is the single best way to go here.

```suggestion
To interact with Heroku from the command line, make sure you have the [Heroku CLI](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-cli) installed.
```

> ### Create a Heroku app & Deploy

Reviewer: I think we can split these two steps:

```suggestion
## Create a Heroku application
```

```sh
heroku login    # This will ask you to enter email id and password

heroku create   # This will create an application in Heroku which you can see on Heroku Dashboard

> 

Reviewer: I'm not able to add a suggestion here for some reason, but we can add a new header and split the code snippets in two, eg:

```
## Deploy!

git add .
…
```

Author: @florimondmanca I agree, I will change it a bit.

git add .       # Add all the files

git commit -m “App ready to deploy”     # Commit the code

git push heroku master      # This will push the entire app on Heroku Server

heroku open     # Visit the app through generated URL or with this command

heroku logs     # This is to check the logs, if anything goes wrong.
```

> And, Everything’s done !!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's it! You've just deployed a Bocadillo application to Heroku. 🚀
```
